[12.0][ADD] demain_purchase_quick (#95)
coopiteasy/cie-custom: demain_purchase_quick/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Adds
> 
> - purchase units of measurement,
> - minimum purchase quantity
> 
> to "quick add product" view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the following fields to the purchase order products quick add
view (from the ``purchase_quick`` module):

- minimum quantity (from the ``product_main_supplier`` module)
- purchase unit of measure
```
